WELCOME TO THE COURSE PLANNER!

   SELECTING COURSES:

Please first select the courses you want to enroll in this semester by selecting them from the top right,
and then pressing the Add Course to the Planning List Button. Previously selected courses can be seen in the
Courses to be planned window. You can remove any previously selected courses by clicking a course in the Courses
to be planned window and pressing Remove Selected from the Planning List, or you can remove all previously
selected courses by pressing the Clear the Planning List button

   ADDING FILTERS:

You can exclude any schedules which have courses in a selected timeframe by selecting a day and time zone from the 
center left, and then pressing the Add filter button. The previously added filters can be removed by clicking on
them and pressing the Remove filter button, or you can clear all the previously selected  filters by pressing the
Clear filters button. You can also force the course planner to include a specific lecture in the generated schedules.
First select a course from the Courses to be planned window by double clicking it, then select the type of the 
course from the dropbox under the Course Class Filter, then select the section you want in the generated schedule
and press the Add Class Filter Button. You can remove class filter(s) by using Remove Class Filter or Clear Class 
Filters buttons.

   GENERATING SCHEDULES:

After selecting the courses you want to enroll, and the filter you want, press the Generate non-overlapping Schedule(s)
button. The appropriate schedules will be generated, then a Weekly Schedule Window showing the first possible schedule 
will be shown. You can cycle between different schedules using the arrows at the bottom, or by selecting them from
the bottom left of the Course Planner's main window and pressing the View Weekly Schedule button.

   EXPORTING AND IMPORTING:

To export the generated the schedules in a list view in an html file, as jpeg images of the weekly schedule view,
or as an json file, press the appropriate import button at the bottom of the program. To import a previously exported 
json file, press the Export as .json button, and to update course list from an external csv file,  press the Import as 
.csv file button.

- What is a .json file?

(.json files are the snapshots of a state. In other words, they are a tools to save everything visible.
You can use export .json as a means to share your generated schedules and active filters with your friends and collegues.

Similarly, you can import the .json file you have received so as to view the schedules generated by others
along with their respective selected courses and active filters.

If you need to read this prompt again, just press the Help me button. :)

Sincerely,
Team CoursePlanner.